FlatFusionHub, a web app project that is based on MERN stack and MLOps!
In today`s world where Flats/Apartments are difficult to find, this web app will help users to find them even at cheaper rates.

This Project consists of 4 basic components:
1. Frontend
    -In this, we will be using React App, with of HTML, CSS and Javascript included.
    -We will be adding Buying, Selling and Renting feature into this webapp.
    -Also comparision of various flats/apartments will be  according to user preference in the near future.
    -Users will be able to view Apartments/Flats for buying or rent. 
    -Whereas for additional purposes like getting more details about the apartments/flats or getting related information or even Selling any Apartment/Flat they will have to Login/SignIn for authentication.

2. Backend
    -We will use Nodejs as a backend technology where we will be using different APIs, middleware, methods to create a functional website. 
    -The authentication functionality will be fulfilled by using JWT(JSONWebToken) and cookies will be used for better User Experience.

3. Database
    -Database is one of the most important component of any webapp, we will be using MongoDB for database Entries.
    -Tables created will be:
        APARTMENT/FLAT FOR SALE
			Entries in db:
			Entries for predicting rate 

		APARTMENT/FLAT LET OUT FOR RENT
			Entries in db: 
				Flat No. 
				BHK
				Rent
				Total Floor
				Current Floor
				Area Locality
				City
				Furnishing status
				Preferred Tenants
				Bathroom
				Point of contact
			Entries for predicting rent:
				BHK	
				Size
				Area Locality
				Current Floor
				City
				Furnishing status
				Preferred tenants
				Bathroom

		APARTMENT/FLAT TO BUY
			Entries in db:
			Entries for predicting amount:

		LOGS
			Entry every time we hit any API.

		USER INFORMATION
			Entries in db:
				User Type (Owner/Agent/Builder/Buyer/Tenant)
				Name
				Age
				Email
				Phone No.
4. MLOps

